● What kind of history can you use as a tool with Jenkins?
The biggest advantage of Jenkins is that you can see your previous builts. Which is the testings of your softwares/application. There is an
output log of the builds, and if something fails. You will see what went wrong, therefore; you can easily fix the issues. 

● What kind of history can you use as a tool with Git?
Git is a version control tool, we use together with Jenkins. With Git you can see, prevous commits to the project. You can see the whole 
history from the project/repository.

● What is a Pipeline in Jenkins?
Pipeline is a plugins/feauture you have with Jenkins. Pipeline supports integration and implementation of continous delivery pipelines.
Pipeline is a group of events, which you can add syntax and scripts to, this will make it easier to, create step by step process.

● Describe what Jenkins is, and similar tools like Jenkins?
Jenkins is a free and open source automation server. It helps to automate softwares, develop builts, testings and deploy. We can call it
CI/CD toolkit for DepOps.You can run servlet containers, for example Apache Tomcat. It supports version controll tools, like Git, AccuRev,
CVS, RTC, etc.
Builts can be triggered, when a commit from a Git webhook has occured.
similar tools like Jenkins are:
1. Cruise Control
2. CircleCI
3. Shippable
4. Travis CI
5. GitLab CI/CD

● Describe what Ansible is, and simular tools like Ansible?
Ansible is an IT automation engine that automates cloud provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, 
intra-service orchestration, and many other IT needs.
Ansible helps your IT infrastructure by describing how all of your systems inter-relate, rather than just managing one system 
at a time. You can playbooks which is normally written in YML, which describs your jobs and what ansible will do with your project. 
YML is a key-value laungage which describes data.
Ansible uses modules (small jobs), and  executes these modules, over a SSH conection (by default). Thanks to the SSH-keys, 
your project can remain highly secured.
Similar tools like Ansible:
1. Puppet Labs
2. AWS CloudFormation
3. Docker
4. Kubernetes
5. SaltStack